All right, so now we're going to have a dedicated lesson and learn how to use the contains method of
the list interface and actually the contains method, to be honest, isn't a an exclusive member of
the list interface, it's actually a member of the collection.
Interface list actually extends from collection.
Let me show you that real quick, in fact.
So if I do a command, oh, and I can go to the list interface, which is under Java dot util.
So we'll go here.
And here we are.
So it's a public interface list.
It uses some generics here so that we can specify what the data type is.
But as you see here, this interface of list actually extends collection.
OK, and the contains method here actually is is inherited, if you will, from the collection interface
itself that's indicated by this little up arrow here.
So if you think of the inheritance of both classes and interfaces as being like this inheritance tree,
right, then the superclass or in this case, the super interface of list is kind of up above.
And so that's why they showed this little arrow pointing up.
OK, so they're saying this method contains is actually being overridden is actually overriding the
inherited method from the collection class and so we can actually jump into that guy.
And now we're in the collection interface, and it has a method defined on it which is contained.
OK, so anyway, contains is inherited ultimately from the collection interface.
All right.
So anyway, let's close these and jump back over here.
OK, so now we'll dive in to how the containers method actually can be utilized, and you'll see in
a moment here why it needs its own lesson, OK?
There's actually a little more going on to it.
But let's start off with with a simple exercise.
So we've got all of these people here, right?
These employees.
And so first thing we can do is just, let's just pull one person out of the let's see out of this collection
here and then ask the collection if that person is contained in the in the collection.
OK, so if that's not clear, let me just show you what I mean.
Let me see, do we want to keep removing these?
I don't think we even need to be removing these anymore, so let's just not do that.
OK, so we'll take our collection of employees and we'll just get a random employee out.
Let's just do the sixth one, which is index five and then we'll capture that employee.
And I don't even know who that is, but.
My employee, that's what I will name it.
OK.
And then I will turn around and we'll just print out whether or not that employee is indeed contained
in the employees list, right?
So we'll do a system that out and then we'll say employees.
Dot contains my employees.
So in other words, does the employee's list or collection contain this employee?
Obviously, it will.
Right?
And just to keep it really simple, let's I'm just going to I'm just going to select everything else
to the bottom of this method, and I'm going to comment it out so that none of that will run.
And that way, we can run this code really easily and just see just this little focus bit.
So I'm going to go ahead and run this now.
OK, and as we expect, it is true.
So, yeah, that makes sense, right?
It's an object that really, truly is in that list and therefore it should come back with true.
All right.
Now let's try something a little more interesting, perhaps.
Let's kind of sort of create an employee from scratch.
But based on one of these?
OK.
And so here's how I think we'll do this.
Let's use the employee that create employee method here employee create employee method and will pass
in one of these existing strings.
OK, I'm going to pass in this programmer right here.
So we'll just paste that in like so OK, and then we'll capture that.
That's fine.
Yeah, we'll take that default name and let me let's get some more room here.
OK.
So does this make sense?
So we're using this this method here to create employee more passing in the string, because that's
what that method takes.
And then it'll figure out, you know, it'll go through the all the code that we've been working on
forever now where it will see that this is a programmer and therefore it needs to create an instance
of a programmer and then initialize it with all of this information and then spit that out over here.
Right.
So that's what we should have here.
All right.
So then if we were to turn around and do the same thing we just did a moment ago, employee's oops in
Ployees Dot contains employee one.
What do you expect we will get here because this is identical?
Right?
All of the identical information as what we have for this person right here, and we're no longer removing
people from the collection, so there's no chance for any of that kind of thing to go wrong.
All right.
So let's run this.
So we've still got this one here, which we know is true.
And now we've got this one as well.
Let's run it, OK?
Look at what we got now.
So we got true for our original test here, right where we pulled one employee out of the list and then
said, Hey, is this person who is in that list contained in that list?
And of course, you get it true for that, as you would expect.
However, this one is a little more interesting.
In this case, we duplicated essentially an employee verbatim, you know, using the parameters right,
using the data parameters that are already being used up here, right?
Let me close that.
So we we duplicated one of the employees that we know is in that list.
But then when we asked if that employee who was a duplicate is contained in the list, we get back a
false.
And this brings us to a whole line of interesting things to learn what is going on with this contains
method.
Why is this employee not showing as being contained in this list, even though it's identical to one
that we know is in that list?
And you know it.
In fact, let's just prove this.
So let's see.
I chose Flintstone five.
Let's just make sure.
So this would be index zero one two three four five.
Right?
Yeah.
So that's yeah, that's this person right here.
So, yeah, so this employee five or this person here is a perfect duplicate of this one.
And yet the contains method says he doesn't exist.
Well, to understand this, let's first take a look at the Java Dock for the containers method and see
what it says about how it works.
OK.
So I'll just hover on it.
We'll see that this method returns true.
If this list contains the specified element more formally, it returns true if and only if this list
contains at least one element e such that objects dot equals o comma e.
Now this object equals is kind of like a utility method on a class called objects, and what it does
is kind of interesting.
So actually, let's jump into the objects that equals method so that we can see what this is doing because
that's what this is actually relying on.
All right.
So if I do a command o and type in objects that will take us to the object's class and then we can look
at this equals method here.
So the equals method here returns true if the arguments are equal to each other and false otherwise.
Consequently, if both arguments are null, true or is determined otherwise, if the first argument
is not null, equality is determined by calling the equals method of the first argument with the second
argument of this method.
Otherwise false returns.
So I'm going to simplify that and get down to the crux.
OK, the crux of what that is basically saying for our intents and purposes right now is it's going
to call the inherited equals method of of an object.
To determine if that object is equal to another object.
OK, that's the bottom line.
And so what's happening here?
Let me close this.
So let me explain what's actually happening here.
Close that down as well.
So this newly created employee, one object, basically what contains does is it will take this newly
created employee, one object, which is a perfect duplicate of of this object that came out of the
list, right?
It's going to take that object and it's going to compare it to each and every one of these objects in
the list.
OK.
And it's going to do that by calling the equals method of each of these elements in the collection.
OK, so the equals method is the key here to what determines whether or not to objects are considered
to be equivalent to each other.
OK.
And what's actually happening here that that's causing us to get a false is that when the compare method
is comparing this object?
Using its equals method to.
This object.
The equals method is returning a false and so we need to dig in to what is this equals method all about
and how does it work and can we do anything about this?
Because what we really would expect is that these two objects should be considered to be equal to each
other.
OK.
And you know what?
Let me even show you one more example here real quick.
So I'll do one more system that out and I'll cut to the chase.
What what the what the contains method is actually really doing here is it is ultimately taking this
my employee and it's calling equals and then it's passing in employee one.
That's what it's actually doing.
And so if we run this, this also will return a false.
There we go.
So there's the third output there, and that's also false, and we really weren't expecting that we
would expect that it would return true.
So we need to figure out how can we make it so that it would return a true right?
All right.
So a couple of things.
So this equals method is an inherited method from the object class.
And as I've stated before, all classes in Java ultimately extend from the original superclass called
object.
OK.
And the object class has honored a number of methods.
It has the two string method on it.
It also has the equals method, and it also has an a method called hash code, which we will also look
at a little later.
The equals methods intent is to allow us to do exactly what we're doing here on Line 48 to compare two
objects to determine if they are equal.
However, the default way that the equals method does this is not always what we might expect.
So if I were to create a process programmer and I'm not going to fill in the the bit there, right?
But if I were to create a programmer and then I stored a reference to it in a variable, and I'll just
call this p one for now.
What that's really doing is it's going to tell Java at runtime to go find some unused memory in the
computer and then go build an instance of a programmer in that memory location and then take the address
of that memory location and stored in this variable essentially, right?
That's and this is all this should all just be review form from many, many, many, many lessons ago,
right?
So that's basically what we're saying here.
Now, if I were to create a second one and I'll name it P2.
And then I did pick one that equals P two.
OK.
This line fifty two would be basically asking something about the equality of P one and P two.
Now, since this programmer class is a class that I have written and I have not supplied it with my
own implementation of an equals method.
It is currently using the default inherited implementation of the equals method inherited by the ultimate
super class of object.
OK.
And so the default implementation of equals method is to simply compare whether or not P one and P two
are both pointing to the same address in memory.
OK.
That's the default implementation of the equals method.
It is actually equivalent to doing P one equals equals P two, in fact.
OK.
If you will recall the equals operator, this thing here really tests for whether or not two references
to object references point to the same address in memory, which would mean that they are effectively
the same object, right?
And so that is the default implementation of the equals method as well.
However, you might not want that.
And this is a perfect example of where you may not want that type of behavior because when we ask is
P1 equal to P2, what we usually actually mean is are the intrinsic and usually unchangeable properties
of P1 and P2 the same.
That's a different question than to ask whether or not P1 and P2 point to the same object in memory.
There's an interesting distinction here.
OK.
And it's one that can be a little confusing for some developers, especially when you're getting started
as a developer.
But here's the perfect example right here.
So what's happening is that this my employee here is taking up space at a particular address in memory.
But then down here on line 45, we're creating a brand new object which is automatically going to exist
in a different location in memory.
OK.
Because ultimately, if we jump in here, you'll you'll recall that ultimately we're using the new operator
here to create these instances, right?
And so you're going to get a new object automatically.
OK?
With with this approach.
And so if we have not overridden the equals method of our programmer class, then we are going to get
the default implementation of equals, which will simply ask the question of whether or not the two
objects are both pointing to the same address in memory.
And they cannot be pointing to the same address in memory because there are two different objects and
therefore you instantly get a false.
OK.
That's why we're getting a false.
Now, if we want to fix this problem, we have to supply our own custom implementation of the equals
method for that class and then we can do whatever we like.
So what what we might prefer to do is to have our custom equals method.
Compare the first name, last name and date of birth or whatever, right?
And say, like, OK, who cares whether or not these two objects are at the same memory location?
What I want to know is if they both have the same last name and they both have the same first name and
they both have the same date of birth and whatever other fields that you feel are important here to
determine whether or not you're referring to the same person or not.
Right?
Then compare all of those things.
And if those things are all equal, then yeah, these two objects are equal to each other, regardless
of whether or not they're in different locations in memory.
That's what we need to do.
OK.
And if we do that, then the contains method will be able to find a match.
So that's what we're going to do.
We're going to implement our own custom equals method.
OK.
So to do that, the first thing we really want to do is to consider, OK, well, what do we want to
actually constitute equality between two objects, especially between two programmers or two employees
or whatever, right?
What constitutes equality here?
So let's look at that for a moment.
So the fields that we've got here are the last name, first name, date of birth, the role.
And then we've got the role specific properties as well.
Lines of code per day.
Years of experience and IQ.
So we've got to ask ourselves a question what belongs in here in order to determine whether or not to
employees are equivalent equivalent to each other?
Really, what you're asking is, are they the same person, right?
So I think it's pretty obvious that at the very least, we'd want the last name, first name and date
of birth, for sure.
I think we want those three.
Wouldn't you agree?
Now the other question would be what about the role and this other stuff?
So let's let's consider a scenario here.
If a company hired Fred five Flintstone five, let's call him Fred Flintstone for four for ease right
now, OK?
Born 19 January 1st.
And and let's say that Fred, this Fred Flintstone is on a few different lists.
I don't mean programming list.
I mean actual lists at the company.
OK.
For various query, for various reasons, he's on various lists and we just want to compare and make
sure.
Is this Fred Flintstone who was on this list over here?
The same Fred Flintstone who who's on this list here?
So maybe one list is a list of all the programmers in the company, and maybe another list is all of
the people who volunteered last year to help out the company or something.
OK, and we just want to reconcile these two lists and make sure we're talking about the same people
where applicable.
So we know that we want to start off by defining equality with last name, first name and date of birth,
right?
But then we get to programmer.
Now is that something that we should add to our test of equality?
So here's a scenario what if Fred Flintstone used to be?
Not a programmer, what if he used to be an analyst?
A few years ago?
OK.
But then later on, he became a programmer.
Is that still the same Fred Flintstone?
I would argue.
Yeah, that's still the same Fred Flintstone.
He used to be an analyst.
Now he's a programmer, but he's still the same person.
Right?
So maybe we might not want to include the role in the test for equality, because that is something
that could change.
Right?
And then the same goes for these other properties here that are programmers specific lines of code per
day.
That metric could change day by day, year by year, whatever, right?
So just because Fred Fred Flintstone was coding five lines of code per day last year, maybe now he
codes 10 lines of code per day.
That doesn't mean he's a different person, right?
He's the same person.
He's just, you know, coding more lines of code.
Right?
Same thing.
For years of experience, obviously, that's going to change every year.
Right?
Last year, you only had 10 years of experience.
This year he has 11 years, for example, IQ.
I don't know.
That probably is going to fluctuate every time someone takes an IQ test.
So definitely you're not a different person just because your IQ results are different each time you
take the test.
Right?
So this gets us to a point that I that's really important to understand when we are deciding on what
fields to include in in determining equality of objects.
We may want to be really careful to pick fields that are not very likely to change in many cases.
Now you may have some very specific reason why you want to include the program or other things, and
I can't project what those reasons would be.
But maybe even the bigger point that I want to make here is that you need to think this through a little
bit, OK?
Don't just automatically pick all fields just because they're they all exist, right?
You need to know why you're picking those fields and what are the ramifications of doing so.
And if you don't know how to think that through very well, then maybe play it safe initially and just
pick the fields that are the least likely to ever change, right?
Last name, first name and date of birth are probably the least likely fields to change out of these
out of all of these fields.
OK, so that's the first thing you probably want to do now that we know that much.
Now we can jump over to where these fields are.
So first, let's jump over to the programmer class itself, and we'll jump to the top because it's at
the top where we usually have all of our fields.
Now, if you'll recall, we don't actually store any of those pertinent fields first name, last name
or date of birth directly on the programmer class or any of these subclasses, for that matter, because
they're all common to employee.
Right?
And so these are actually fields that exist on the employee class.
So let's jump over to there.
And now we see that we've this is where we've got the last name, first name and date of birth, right?
So we probably want to be overwriting the equals method here to start off with.
And I will usually put these boilerplate type methods more towards the bottom of my class, as we did
with the two string method, which is another one of the overridden inherited methods from the superclass
of object, right?
So what's nice is if I put my if I put my cursor here and make a couple of spaces, maybe I can do a
command in four new or two to tell the ABC I want to generate a new method and then I can go down here
to equals and hash code OK and press return.
Now I'm presented with some options and I will explain what these options are real quick.
Now we're not going to concern ourselves too much with hash code right now.
But as of Java version seven, Java comes with this utility class called Objets SE with the plural right,
not the not the superclass of object, which is singular, but objects with an s on the end.
It comes with this utility class that has these utility methods on it that help us to implement some
of these methods, such as equals and hash code, a little more easily.
And so if as long as you're using version Java seven or higher, you have access to this.
And so it's asking, do I want the ADP to help generate an equals and hash code method utilizing the
objects that equals in hash code methods here?
And yeah, I think that's not a bad idea, OK?
It is possible to create some very poor implementations of equals and hash code, especially hash code.
And so unless you really, really, really, really know what you're doing and almost nobody does.
I think this is not a bad way to go.
All right.
So, yeah, I would leave that set that way.
Then also, it asks, do we want to accept subclasses as a parameter to equals method?
I will talk a little bit more about what this means, but for now, you can go ahead and leave that
selected.
OK.
And I will leave this last option unchecked.
And so click next.
And now what it's doing is it's asking what fields do we want to actually include in our definition
of equals?
Or, in other words, what fields should we use?
And so that's what we were just talking about.
Do we want to use the role of programmer, for example?
And the answer is no, we probably don't want to use that because that's something that could change
right now.
The employee class has more fields on it than just the last name, first name and date of birth, right?
We've got the people matter in the money format or in all of these things.
These fields have nothing to do with what a person is, right?
These are not true data of a person.
And so we don't want to include these fields.
And that's another reason why we need to think about this a little bit and not just select whatever
happens to be there.
That would be a huge mistake.
So I'm going to uncheck the date time format or the money format and the people matter as well.
I don't want any of those.
We just want the last name, first name and date of birth.
Those are actual real world properties of a person or an employee.
OK.
So keep that in mind.
You want the the meaningful fields or properties of whatever your class type may be that you have modeled.
All right.
So now I will click next.
And now it's asking me, what fields do I want for the hash code method?
And I'm not going to talk much about hash code right now, but it's very, very, very similar in use
and importance to the equals method.
OK.
And so generally speaking, whatever fields you're using for your equals method, you want to use those
same fields for the hash code method as well.
OK.
So I will leave all of those selected and click next again.
And finally, it's asking me to select all non null fields.
Now, this is interesting if you're selecting fields that are capable of being null, especially in
this case, the last name and first name.
That could be problematic because we already identified that we probably don't want to be defining our
equals method or hash code for that matter, with properties that can change.
So the role, for example, that could change and possibly in some contexts, maybe it could change
from not having been set to being set to something else, right?
In this case, maybe it's possible to create an object without even specifying the last name, first
name or date of birth.
That would be very problematic, because that would mean that your equals in hash code methods in this
case could change as well, and that that's almost never a good thing.
And so.
I would actually go ahead and specify that these cannot be null.
And I'll talk a little bit in a moment about how we want to just make sure that we enforce this using
our constructors, right?
So I'm going to go ahead and select these.
So in general, the fields that you're selecting for the equals and hash code ideally cannot be null.
OK?
In fact, ideally, maybe you shouldn't even be allowed to create instances of that object without those
fields being initialized that at the time of creation.
OK.
All right.
And now I will click finish.
And so what happens now is that the idea has generated an equals method that's overwriting the inherited
equals method, the one that just compares two objects to say, do they point to the same memory location?
And now I have a more proper equals method that doesn't just compare same memory location, it actually
is going to compare those individual fields now.
OK?
And so let's run through this and really understand what it's doing.
So the first thing it says is if this object on which this equals method exists equals using the equals
operator, which means points to the same memory location as this object that's being passed in to the
equals method.
So in other words, if this object is at the same location, memory location as this other object,
if they are pointing to the same thing, then definitely they are.
They are equal, right?
For sure, they're equal.
The the problem is, if they don't point to the same memory location, they might also still be equal,
right?
So if they are pointing to the same memory location, return a true you don't even need to test anything
more because that's the same object being compared to itself.
All right.
So that's the first test.
The second test says if this other object that's being passed in for equality testing is not even of
the same type as this object that I'm in here.
So we're in the employee class, right?
So we're saying if the object be your object in this case is not of the same type, using the instance
of operator here, right, is not of the same type as this object here.
Then automatically, that's a fail, right?
They got to be the same type, right?
And so if we got past this test and this test, well, now we know that they're the same type.
And so now we can cast this oh to something of of the same type specifically because here we're just
allowing for object.
And that's just because it needs to be super flexible and that is the signature of the equals method
that is being inherited.
OK, so we can't change the signature because then you're not overriding the equals method.
You're creating your own equals method, which won't have any bearing on what we need to do and won't
be utilized by the container method.
The contained method only knows to look for the inherited equals method with this exact signature.
All right, so now we can cast this generic object into a specific type of employee.
We need to do that so that we can drill in now and start actually grabbing data out of its fields.
Right?
You wouldn't be able to do that as an object.
So now the last thing that happens is we start comparing the important fields, the fields that we decided
would be important, such as the last name, first name and date of birth.
And so now we're simply delegating down to the inherited equals method of these individual properties.
Now this is OK to do because at this level, in this particular case, we're just drilling down to the
more fundamental data types such as string.
So for string, we don't need to supply an equals method here because the implementation of equals four
string already does the right thing OK.
It doesn't use the the inherited default implementation.
It has a more meaningful and smarter implementation of equals.
So we can trust this one.
And so it's just comparing last name.
Are those equal?
If they are and if the first things are equal and if the dates of birth are equal, then the whole entire
thing is equal and you're good to go.
And so that's what gets returned here.
OK.
So I know that's kind of a lot to go through, but that's why it's actually really nice to just let
the ADP generate this equals method for us.
All right.
So now that we have all of that, if we go back to the main class.
All right, so if we come back over here now.
So now back in the main class, let me, I think I'm going to just delete these.
And now we can rerun this.
And now let's see what we get.
Hey, look at that now.
Everything is true, so we just needed to implement the equals method here.
So as a quick reminder, the contains method takes the object that is passed into it.
And what it does is it simply iterate through each object in the collection, calling that objects equals
method, which would look just like this.
In fact, it does exactly this.
It calls the equals method, and it simply says, Does this object or this object?
Equal.
Whatever current object I'm pointing at in my iterations here, right?
And if it finds a match, so to speak, then the contains method returns a true.
And if it does not find a match, then it returns a false.
OK.
That's all the contains method does.
So really, the method that's doing all the heavy lifting on this contains method here is actually the
equals method.
And in fact, we could even jump into an actual implementation of the contains method and confirm that's
exactly what it's doing.
So if I put my cursor on contains and then do a command Option B, I have to pick a class that implements
the contained method.
So all these classes here are actually implementing the contains method.
Let's just go for the one that we're actually using, which is on ArrayList itself.
And so what this is actually doing is it's relying on the index of method and passing in the subjects
of the index of method, if you may recall, says, if this object is contained inside of this collection,
give me the index of that object.
So if we jump into this guy then and it uses an index of range which will kind of check our list, look
for the index in a range.
And so if we jump into this one, here we go.
That's starting to look a little convoluted, but the bottom line here is right down here.
Here's a loop.
OK, so we're looping through all of the items that are in the internal array of this array list and
we're calling the equals method here, right?
So we're just saying, is this equal to that?
And that's the bottom line right there.
This equals method, and that's why we have to implement the equals method if we want that to actually
work.
All right.
Sorry for the convolution there, but I thought it might be kind of cool to see how the sausage is made.
For those of you who live in an English speaking country and know that expression.
All right, so I'm going to wrap this up, but I just want to recap a couple of really key points.
So there are a few methods that are going to rely on us having implemented equals and or the hash code
methods properly.
Some of those methods are obviously contains let's just look through here.
Real quick contains all that's also going to require a good implementation of equals index of uses equals
as well.
That's how it finds right, because it's using that for loop looping to all the elements and then just
calling equals right.
So you've got to have a proper implementation of equals for index of to work properly as well.
Last index of this pretty much the same thing.
Remove the version of the removed method that takes an object.
Same thing again, right?
How will it know if the object that you're passing in here matches one of the objects in the list?
It's going to call the equals method?
OK?
So any of these methods that involve kind of comparing, Hey, you're passing in an object and then
you're expecting that method to kind of know whether or not the object you passed in matches, any of
the objects that are already inside of the collection, any of those kinds of methods are going to require
you to have a proper implementation of the equals and or hash code methods.
OK.
So remove, remove all.
All right.
And that might be about all of them for lists, at least.
OK.
So super important lesson to know.
Oh, and then let me also just be clear in our example here we're creating a programmer, right?
And we're comparing programmers.
I added the equals method, though not on the programmer class, but on the employee class, because
our equals method is based on first name, last name and date of birth.
And therefore what what's happening is that the programmer class and all of the other employee subclasses
are inheriting now the equals method that exists purely on the employee class.
So that's kind of cool.
Now, if I had wanted to also include other fields that are more specific to the programmer, let me
show you what that would look like really quickly.
So I'm going to jump into the programmer class.
I'll just do it this way.
All right.
So what I could do, let's say that I wanted to include IQ for equality of a programmer.
OK, so I can generate a custom equals method for just the programmer class going to the bottom and
doing a command in and then equals in hash code and enter.
All right.
So I'll just accept all the same settings that I did before.
Click Next.
And again, it's going to ask me what fields I'm carrying about.
So let's say I only care about the IQ.
OK, so I'm going to.
You select everything else.
All right.
And then I can click next, and that's good for hash code.
And so just as before, I get this nice generated method for me and it does all the same things that
we saw before, right?
Except it's also delegating up to the superclass equal.
So this is the equals method that we just generated on the superclass.
That's why we're calling SuperDart equals here.
And so this is going to give it a chance to also compare the first name, last name and date of birth
first.
Right.
We need that because we're overwriting the equals method.
So we want to still get all of that other functionality of the equals method in the superclass now that
we're overwriting the equals method.
OK.
And then after all of that is equal, then we also can additionally compare that the accused are equal
to each other.
OK, so that's how we could add in yet another field in a subclass or other fields.
I could have selected all of the pertinent fields on this class as well.
OK.
So in fact, if we jump back over to the main class and run this one more time, I'll just show you
something very quickly and then we'll we'll end this lesson.
OK, so still, everything's true, right?
However, now that I've added an IQ, if I change this IQ just by one.
OK.
So yeah, it's 100 up there, right?
But now it's 101 here, and I run this again.
I think, you know what's going to happen?
Look at that false false, right?
Because now I've added IQ in the definition of equality.
OK, so now it's actually looking at that IQ to help determine whether or not the two objects are equal
before I had added in the overridden equals method on the programmer class.
If I had changed this, it wouldn't have mattered because it wasn't being looked at.
It was only looking at the last name, first name and date of birth.
But now that I've added IQ into the programmers overridden implementation of equals, now the IQ actually
matters.
Right?
And so now I'm getting a fall, so I hope that kind of helps to show some of the interesting things
that we have to consider here.
All right.
Now I'm going to wrap this up and we will look at a few more really important topics like this one in
the next.
I'll see you there.